[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the simraceway
s1 now you might not recognize the brand
simraceway when it comes to gaming
peripherals however you'll probably
recognize this one so co-developed with
SteelSeries this is a racing wheel that
uses motion control rather than actually
being like fixed to an object like a
table or like a huge chair setup so it
uses motion control and the hugest
variety of buttons that I think I've
ever seen on a controller to give you a
sim type feel and sim type flexibility
and customization without being bolted
down literally to a fixed furniture
object and without taking up a ton of
space in your home so motion controlled
customizable driving experience steering
shift and pedal controls all in your
hands let's go ahead and see what else
they have to say for themselves
quick rotary dials for driving aids
realistic racing wheel shifters cool
okay responsive rpm / shift indicator
lights customizable steering sensitivity
rubberized racing wheel comfort grips
and fully programmable 15 buttons and
d-pad right full range throttle and
brake controls and a high accuracy
handheld motion controlled stewing
package co-developed with steel series
help it includes simraceway of the game
however saying it includes simraceway
the game is kind of like saying that it
includes oxygen because simraceway is
actually free to play which is pretty
cool online world focused on live
multiplayer racing for you to play no
subscription fee simulation great
driving physics laser scan tracks and
proprietary skill matching technology
for closer racing across all skill
levels that can be a huge problem with
racing games if you have that like super
legit player that just sort of destroys
everyone else it's not really fun to
race when you're actually alone on the
track and you have no chance of catching
up to anyone or anyone catching up to
you that's just boring um oh it also
comes with ten dollars of in game
currency so yes it's free to play but
micro micro transaction driven so you
can buy like cars
stuff cool okay my understanding is
people who like racing games like you
know driving the cool car in the racing
game and you know that sort of things so
I'm not much of a racing game guy myself
so so don't get me wrong although I
shouldn't really call it I shouldn't
really call it a game outright because
simraceway is not it's more of a sim
than a game so games tend to have more
of an Arkady style of physics where it's
not realistic but it might be easier or
more fun for for novices whereas sims
tend to be more realistic so it's easier
to do things like spin out and crash but
if you actually wanted to to practice I
mean some sins even are used by
professional drivers to practice a new a
new track that they haven't that they
haven't done before so if you want a
more realistic driving experience then
you definitely want to go with something
that uses realistic physics and if I
could get this package open I would be
some kind of a hero man because this is
unbelievable oh it should be noted
though that just because it's compatible
and comes with simraceway and comes with
$10 of in-game money it is actually
compatible with any other pc racing game
as well so they list a bunch of them on
the website that it is specifically
compatible with but then at the end of
it is also all PC racing games so that
is totally never going back in that
packaging that much is very clear what
do we got here long periods of
repetitive motion using an improperly
set up workspace on there's your s RW
currency cool okay and also seems to
come with a small instruction guide
that's very eco-friendly you know small
instruction guide so you can tell they
didn't cheap out on the instruction
guide because it's printed in color but
that they didn't want to you know overdo
the paper we have dispensed with discs
to save the planet that's right don't
bother throwing away the CD it doesn't
come with one you can just download the
latest off of haha simraceway TOCOM
slash download underscore client there
you go getting started guide and blah
blah blah ah yes that's what we want so
this shows what all of the buttons are
for by default and what they actually do
this talks a little bit about the
steering allows you to fine-tune some
race-based driving aids in order to
your preferences so to change the value
of an asset assist select using the
assist dial and then turn the assist
values dial to desired setting low
medium high or off to turn all the SS
off select all on the assist style and
turn the assess value style to off very
very cool please note that once you've
been turned off that can only be turned
back on individually so assists driving
assists you got all kinds of different
things that's some pieces of the red
packaging okay so spin stab shift clutch
abs break traction steer pit in vault
lock and also lock would probably be
what you'd want to have it on after
you've set everything so basically if
you go okay I want clutch assists to be
high so you said it'll like that very
cool so I'm going to turn that off by
default and okay so here's our shifter
here's our presumably throttle and brake
but give me a sec guys alright so I was
right which is a miracle because like I
said not really into racing game so this
is shift up shift down this is your
brake this is your throttle so these are
all actually easy to reach even for
someone like me with relatively small
hands however once you're on these I
don't know that you'd you know I don't I
don't know that you'd necessarily be
able to reach everything so you can see
my thumb's can just barely make it to
the paddle and then just barely make it
to some of these however most of this
stuff you shouldn't really have to use
in games so let's have a look at what
all the buttons are so the conveniently
located buttons that I will
realistically be able to press no I
can't reach that one can't reach that
one then I'll realistically be able to
press with my fingers on the paddles
shifting and braking and our look right
and look left so that's yeah okay that's
pretty that's pretty basic umm the stuff
that i realistically wouldn't be able to
reach but most people probably could are
things like speed limiter and request
pit i should be noted that things like
speed limiter so this is for when you're
in the pits are not necessarily
available on our cars but because this
is a racing accessory it does have the
it does accommodate some special options
that aren't available in all cars like
launch control which gets you off the
line if the cars up
and boost which it boosts your speed if
the car supports it so things like that
so if you have larger hands than me
remember guys my hands are super small
then you should realistically be able to
reach this probably this you should be
able to reach boost as well as lights I
just can't quite make it there so what
else do we have so we got look-back rear
brake balance front brake balance orange
control which we covered HUD which i
think is fairly self-explanatory or
shows you the HUD or doesn't show you
the HUD horn this one now this button
actually has very cool functionality
what it does is it makes it so that the
car will actually lift off the ground
and then it does like a complete
rotation and then it will flip the
wheels from the top of the car down to
the bike from the bottom of the car down
to the top of the car like transformer
style and it will go along the road like
gosh they just honk the horn
so that honks the horn this is for
navigating menus so you got like enter
select your d-pad as well as your back
button so you can actually I mean that's
one of the biggest frustrations with
with most racing wheels well the only
real racing wheel that I've really used
in the past g25 was that you actually
still have to have a keyboard handy for
a lot of games because you can't
navigate anything by bearing in mind I
didn't have the shifter plugged in so I
think that has navigation buttons on it
but there's a lot of accessories to plug
in whereas this is just one piece that
you can like store in your coffee table
and not you know worry about it being in
the way all the time right okay camera
view changes all of that stuff
aha so steering sensitivity you can
change it anywhere from 180 degrees to
360 degrees and then this we have
already covered so let's see what else
SteelSeries has to say for themselves
here like I said guys I am NOT a racing
aficionado so this is something I do
need a little bow actually nope wait
come back this is cool so the rubberized
grips here are awesome these are these
are like the stickiest rubber grips ever
without feeling like it's sticky you
know how sometimes you're just like oh
it feels like you know silly putty it's
not like that they feel very very nice
there would be very difficult to
accidentally drop this controller the
rest of the unit has like a soft touch
feel which is also very nice it has a
braided cord we said
look at how long the cord is actually
that could be relevant so you're not
going to be plugging this in from you
know a super long way away it looks like
about a Linus arm span and a half which
for those of you who work with real
measurements is probably about ten feet
okay or three meters for those of you
who used like real real measurements
like not Imperial measurements
um so Ready Set raise okay full range
you can okay continue you can okay I
would definitely recommend going to
steel series calm and having a look at
what they ought to say about it because
the unit itself feels very solid without
being too heavy and this gives you some
idea of all of the customizability that
is available here's a quick list of a
bunch of games that supported during two
gt-r live live for speed or heard that
need for speed I've definitely heard of
that one it's very mainstream um used by
the pros interesting test and improved
by professional racing drivers including
Dario Franchitti
relatively good Wow
that's kind of cool I mean it's one
thing when there's like a mouse that's
like approved by pro gamers but when
there you have like a wheel that's
approved by pro drivers who like
actually have to like risk their lives
to do what they're doing and they say
it's okay then that's a sort of
meaningful actually for a neutral set up
okay you can compromise between this and
this so I think the point of all of this
is the convenience factor so not having
the bulky setup the customizability
factor yeah it's kinda neat I mean it's
a lot better than holding like a Wii
mote so the PC is still light years
ahead of consoles in terms of that the
one drawback from my mind is lack of
force feedback so personally I like I
have a hard time with racing games
already if I don't have hot force
feedback I have a much harder time with
racing games however if you just want
yeah if you just want the convenience
factor if you don't care about the force
feedback and you want something that you
can just kind of pack up and take with
you somewhere very conveniently then
this might be the way to go so thank you
for checking out my unboxing and first
look at the s-1 from steel series the
simraceway branded s1 don't forget to
subscribe Cline's tech tips from
unboxings reviews and
computer videos